A new mesh generator for assigning an extra element id with an expression (#27590)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/ParsedExtraElementIDGenerator.md

# ParsedExtraElementIDGenerator

!syntax description /Mesh/ParsedExtraElementIDGenerator

> This mesh generator add an extra element integer in an input mesh based on an expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mesh generator adds an extra element integer in an input mesh based on an parsed expression evaluated at the centroid of every element.
```

> The extra element integer can be added for elements only within certain mesh subdomains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extra element integer can be added for elements only within certain mesh subdomains using the [!param](/Mesh/ParsedExtraElementIDGenerator/restricted_subdomains) parameter.
```

> Other extra element integers are allowed to be used in the expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other extra element integers, already existing in the mesh, can also be used in the expression.
```
